Celltype report: Add introduction, sessioninfo, and include child celltype_qc (#539)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: templates/qc_report/celltypes_introduction.rmd

<!-- 
Introductory text to include in both the cell type section of main report and at
the top of the supplemental cell type report.

All chunks in this document must be set to `eval=FALSE`.
-->

```{r available_celltypes_text, eval=FALSE}

# Define all as empty, to be overridden below where necessary

> submitter_text <- ""
> singler_text <- ""
> cellassign_text <- ""
> 
> if (has_submitter) {
>   submitter_text <- glue::glue(
>     "* Cell type annotations were provided by the original lab (`submitter-provided`) which generated this data.
>     "
>   )
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
submitter_text <- ""

if (has_submitter) {
  submitter_text <- glue::glue(
    "* Cell type annotations were provided by the original lab (`submitter-provided`) which generated this data.
    "
  )
} else { submitter_text <- "" } 
```
I feel like something like this is a little cleaner? I would do this throughout this chunk.

Reviewer 2: I kind of like it the way Stephanie has it...

The alternative I might do is just have an array of `celltype_text` and append each string to it in turn. No need for separate variables, I don't think...

Author: > The alternative I might do is just have an vector of `celltype_bullets` and append each string to it in turn. No need for separate variables, I don't think...

This is actually how I started, appending to the vector in each `if` as I went, before I changed the implementation to individual variables. I'll go back to this approach.

if (has_singler) {
  singler_text <- glue::glue(
    "* Cell types were annotated using [`SingleR`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/SingleR.html), which uses a reference-based approach ([Looney _et al._ 2019](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41590-018-0276-y)).
    The `{metadata(processed_sce)$singler_reference}` reference dataset, obtained from the [`celldex` package](http://bioconductor.org/packages/release/data/experiment/html/celldex.html), was used for cell typing."
  )
}

if (has_cellassign) {

>   tissue_type <- "stephanie"

Author: 🤔
